com/example/projectjuicyfruit/di/modules/NetworkModule_ProvidesSharedPreferencesFactory.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.di.modules.NetworkModule_ProvidesSharedPreferencesFactory
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/screens/Hilt_DashboardFragment.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.screens.Hilt_DashboardFragment
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/BaseApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ApplicationC
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/network/ApiClient_Factory.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.network.ApiClient_Factory
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/screens/DashboardFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.screens.DashboardFragment_MembersInjector
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/screens/DashboardFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.screens.DashboardFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/Hilt_BaseApplication.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.Hilt_BaseApplication
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.Hilt_BaseApplication$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_projectjuicyfruit_HomeActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_projectjuicyfruit_HomeActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/HomeActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.HomeActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/di/modules/NetworkModule_ProvideMainThreadSchedulerFactory.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.di.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideMainThreadSchedulerFactory
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.di.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideMainThreadSchedulerFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/utils/SharedPreferencesHelper_Factory.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.utils.SharedPreferencesHelper_Factory
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/di/modules/NetworkModule_ProvideLoggingInterceptorFactory.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.di.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideLoggingInterceptorFactory
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.di.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideLoggingInterceptorFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/di/modules/NetworkModule_ProvideIOSchedulerFactory.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.di.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideIOSchedulerFactory
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.di.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideIOSchedulerFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BuildConfig
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/di/modules/NetworkModule_ProvidesApiClientFactory.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.di.modules.NetworkModule_ProvidesApiClientFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_projectjuicyfruit_BaseApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_projectjuicyfruit_BaseApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$1
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$Builder
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ServiceCImpl
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/di/modules/NetworkModule_ProvidesPetFinderInterceptorFactory.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.di.modules.NetworkModule_ProvidesPetFinderInterceptorFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_projectjuicyfruit_screens_DashboardFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_projectjuicyfruit_screens_DashboardFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/BaseApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.BaseApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/Hilt_HomeActivity.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.Hilt_HomeActivity
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_projectjuicyfruit_di_modules_NetworkModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_projectjuicyfruit_di_modules_NetworkModuleModuleDeps
com/example/projectjuicyfruit/network/PetFinderInterceptor_Factory.java
 com.example.projectjuicyfruit.network.PetFinderInterceptor_Factory
